in Cleveland Heep welcome to The Cove I
hear splashing some this
hello hey I saw you I saw you
who knew or Ilario my god you have an
animal sighs I don't know who you are
but you did something to my thoughts are
you from when the door to her world is
open oh my god
others will come through think it was
some kind of dog
are there any wolves in this area hyenas
an animal that size doesn't just walk
around not be seen and the fate of this
world lay she here she's trying to save
us his man deserved to be saved lies in
her hands
you see something go wrong I thought it
was gonna be
and my jaw Milan's lady in the water how
many of you are there